🔖 Add create new hook docs (#56)
EthWorks/useDapp: docs/source/guide.rst

Custom hooks
************

> Creating a custom hook with the use of our core hooks is very easy, as an example let's write a *useTokenBalance* hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a custom hook with the use of our core hooks is straightforward, as an example let's write a *useTokenBalance* hook.
```

Author: ✅

The hook will retrieve a balance of an ERC20 token of the provided address.

.. code-block:: javascript

  function useTokenBalance(address: string | Falsy, tokenAddress: string | Falsy) {
    const [tokenBalance] = useContractCall(
      ERC20Interface, // ABI interface of the called contract
      tokenAddress, // On-chain address of the deployed contract
      'balanceOf', // Method to be called
      address && [address] // Method arguments - address to be checked for balance
    ) ?? []
    return tokenBalance
  }

> As you can see by using *useContractCall* getting a token balance is simple.

Reviewer: Opinion
```suggestion
```

Author: ✅
